Document `head_of_constr` as internal (in generalized rewriting chapter). (#17003)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/generalized-rewriting.rst

:tacn:`rewrite`.

.. tacn:: head_of_constr @ident @one_term

>    Internal, will be removed without warning, do not use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For internal use only.  It may be removed without warning.  Do not use.
```
